### Added
- Added support for per-organization base directory configuration.

### Migration
- The base directory and s3 upload configuration have changed:
  - Config keys `datastore.baseDirectory`, `s3Upload.enabled`, `s3Upload.credentialName` and `s3Upload.objectKeyPrefix` were removed.
  - New key `datastore.baseDirectories` is an array of entries with the following structure:
    - `path`: can be a local path, relative or absolute, or a remote S3 path in the style `s3://my.endpoint/bucket/sub/path`.
    - `organizationId`: can be null, which makes this entry an organization-agnostic base directory (individual orga ids will be created as subdirectories on upload and for scanning), or the id of an organization, which makes this an organization-specific base directory (datasets for this organization are placed directly at this path)
    - `allowsUpload`: if true, dataset uploads will be placed there (if the organization matches)
    - `doScan`: if true, a periodic scan of this directory looks for newly created datasets. Only available for local, not s3 paths.
  - If an orga has an organization-specific entry, it has precedence before the orga-agnostic one, but both will be scanned.
  - If an orga has multiple matching entries, the first in the list will be used, but all will be scanned.
  - Note that the config key `webknossos.datasets.uploadToPaths.prefixes` used to default to the local datastore’s baseDirectory. It will now take the first local entry of `datastore.baseDirectories` instead. If you start the datastore module separately, note that this config has to be present on the webknossos side as well to use this default.
